Snap!
-Oh!
-Ah, she´s won.
-Hey, hey!
Yeah, boy!
Uh!
You fixed your cards!
No, I haven´t.
-You little cheat!
-No, I´m not!
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Missy!
NANA: They say you don´t know
what you´ve got
until it´s all gone.
One day you´re mucking along,
taking it all for granted,
and then the next thing
you know,
everything changes.
Did you not see those girls
checking you out at the gig?
I´m serious.
Well...
I -- I didn´t notice
any of them.
The only person I noticed
was you.
[ Garbage can clatters ]
-[ Gasps ]
-[ Boy laughs ]
We can´t.
Not here.
Well, maybe next time
I can come back to yours.
I´ll see you later.
Bye.
[ Car door closes ]
IQBAL:
[ Clears throat ]
Where have you been?
[ Whispering ] I, um, had to go
around to Missy´s because,
uh, she -- she had
lots of homework to do.
Bed.
Before you wake your mum up.
Nas.
I´m gonna need
an answer from you soon.
I can´t -- I can´t do it.
I´m sorry.
Are you angry?
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Indistinct talking on TV ]
Ah!
-Do you want strawberry jam?
-Yeah. But --
Take the big bits out.
I know.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
I´ve got to go.
Aren´t you gonna
help me with Nana?
What about your toast?
Ready to go out now, Nana?
Madam´s gone, so it´s just...
[ Water dripping ]
[ Indistinct talking continues ]
NASREEN: Missy!
Did you not hear me? I´ve
been calling you for ages.
You all right?
Um, Lila hasn´t texted me
since Friday,
so I don´t know whether to text
or play it cool, you know?
-Missy?
-Yeah.
Right.
[ Indistinct talking ]
-Heya.
-Hey.
You, uh, have a good weekend?
Yeah, thanks.
Do anything nice?
Uh, I´m just -- sorry.
Sure, sure.
See you in school.
Jordan.
I´ve got something for you.
What do you want me
to do with this?
You take a DNA swab
and you put it in his mouth.
Yeah, I know to do with it,
Einstein.
How can I get a swab
if she won´t let me see him?
Good one.
Oh, my God, look at that jacket.
She looks dirty. She must´ve
copped that from a charity shop.
[ Laughter ]
Settle down, please, year 11.
Settle down.
Phones away, girls.
Phones -- What´s so funny?
Miley Cyrus, sir.
Hey, don´t knock it.
I had a jacket like that
back in the ´90s.
Sir, you never.
I did.
I had the curtains, as well.
[ Laughter ]
Oh, can me and Raz
go for pizza after school?
I told Nana we´d make
"fadjitas," but they can wait.
Peppers only repeat on me
anyway.
Missy, are you all right?
Missy!
Yeah, go for it.
Have ham and pineapple for me.
-Yes!
-Right, registration, please.
-Tahira Abad.
-Yes, sir.
-STEVE: Hayley Booth.
-Here, sir!
-STEVE: Missy Booth.
-Yeah. Yes, sir.
LILA: So you need to make sure
this is covered in your notes
and that you have a labeled
diagram of the heart.
Now, remember how the vena cava
looked and felt different
to the aorta
in the heart we dissected?
I like your bracelets, miss.
LILA: My bracelets
are not gonna help you
pass A-level biology, Shireen.
Now, I want you to think about
the difference in pressure
and how they have a different
structure to combat this.
All right?
Good work, Nas.
Um, have you been talking
to Missy?
She won´t say nothing.
Yeah, ´cause she´s known
for keeping her mouth shut.
[ Bell rings ]
Right.
Finish this up for homework.
I look forward to seeing your
perfect diagrams next class.
Look, I´m sorry, okay?
But this is a big deal for me
if it gets out.
Look, this is a big deal
for me too.
But, Mand, that´s the trouble.
How can he get the test
if he can´t get near the baby?
How is this your problem?
Well, he´s got no one else
to fight for him, has he?
It´s a bit above and beyond,
isn´t it?
He´s really
turned the corner lately.
He´s better behaved.
He´s putting in the hours
in the rugby team.
I just want to support him
so he keeps all that up.
Leave it with me.
I´ll have a think.
You all right?
How´s the team?
Absolute shambles.
But at least they´ve stopped
fighting each other,
so that´s something.
As long as they don´t completely
humiliate us against St. Mark´s.
I´d rather encourage them
to do their best
than focus on words
like "humiliate."
Well, I think we should
always strive for excellence.
Should we go through?
Idiot.
I don´t expect to find you
in detention
when you´ve got rugby practice.
Especially not with a brilliant
teacher like Miss Shariff.
Uh, "Ms."
It´s "Ms.," not "Miss."
[ Boy laughs ]
Sir, you just got told.
Well, you can sit
and write a letter of apology
to Ms. Shariff.
I didn´t do anything, sir.
Take a seat.
I´ll be with you in a minute.
[ Indistinct talking ]
[ Cellphone chimes ]
[ Exhales softly, sniffs ]
Okay, boys.
You can go now.
Not till they´ve finished
their letters.
No, it´s okay, Mr. Simpson.
Really.
-Off you go.
-Thank you, miss.
Okay, well, I don´t expect
to see you back here again,
boys, okay?
[ Cellphone chimes ]
-Nas.
-I´ve got to go.
Missy just texted me.
She said it´s summat serious.
Nas.
I´m sorry, but I´ve got
to go see what´s wrong.
Hi.
What´s happened?
It´s Nana.
She´s dead.
We can´t tell anyone.
They´ll take Hayley into care.
I don´t know what to do.
Well, usually we´d have to
wash the body,
but we don´t need to
worry about that.
Maybe we should get her dressed.
In her best clothes.
She´s not going down bingo.
Have you called the doctor?
You do know you´re gonna
have to tell someone, right?
-Say goodbye to Hayley.
-Aye.
[ Line rings ]
MAN: Good morning,
Ackley Bridge General Practice.
Hello?
I need to report a --
a death.
-Will and Ms. Shariff?
-Yeah.
He´s got it bad.
-I can´t see her going for that.
-Why? He´s a good-looking lad.
Do you, um,
think I´m getting fat?
No.
You´ve still got it.
-Team looks happy?
-Yeah.
Apart from Jordan.
Yes, I passed that on
to Candice´s social worker.
She´s the one
with access to her,
so, hopefully,
she´ll have a word.
Oh, nice one.
-What was that for?
-Do I need a reason?
-Is it just you on your own?
-No, Mum´s out.
She works shifts in a factory,
making biscuits.
I tried calling,
but couldn´t get through.
No breaks.
Practically slave labor,
but what can you do?
-I´m sorry for your loss.
-Thank you, Doctor.
Do you want to stay at mine?
Hayley will be back soon.
And your mum will be wondering
where you are.
-Well, I can explain.
-No.
The longer we keep this quiet,
the longer Hayley stays with me.
Please, Nas.
These bloody biscuits
broken already. Huh?
-Are you deaf?
-Eh?
This is because
Nas has come to her senses
and said no
to your pendu friend, eh?
Hey, what happened next door?
Geeta says that she saw
Julie Booth
taken out in a body bag.
But you know Geeta.
She say she saw Shilpa Shetty
down Lidl´s last week.
IQBAL: What´s up
with the old cow, anyway?
Oh, no.
She hasn´t?
Ai Allah.
Why didn´t you say?
You should´ve called me.
I´ll go around
and check on the girls now.
Go to the freezer and get
the kebabs and the choc ices.
No, no, no, please. I told Missy
that I wouldn´t say anything.
Why would you say such a thing?
Mum, please,
you have to keep it a secret.
[ Door opens ]
Chloe´s such a bitch.
Posting all this stuff
about haters online.
It´s clearly about me and Raz.
Where´s Nana?
Hayley...
She´s not rowing down at the
shops with Sajid again, is she?
Always accusing him
of ripping her off.
-It´s embarrassing.
-She had a heart attack.
She died.
No.
-No, I don´t believe you!
-It´s okay.
No, get off me!
No!
I´m gonna look after us.
You and me.
Just like it´s always been.
[ Sobbing ]
Where is she?
They took her away.
What about Mum?
Have you not told her?
What good would she be?
-Missy.
-Tomorrow.
She´ll be wasted by now.
Listen...
You´re not to mention this
to anyone, all right?
-What about school?
-No one.
You want to stay living here,
don´t you, with me?
Then we have to carry on
like nothing´s happened.
Get up every morning.
Get ready for school.
Have a laugh with your mates.
Act like everything´s fine.
We´ve just got to
keep it a secret.
Until your birthday.
Okay?
[ Peeps ]
Boys.
Can we settle down please,
year 11,
and get on with
the questions on the screen?
Is there a problem, Hayley?
-Get off!
-Shh!
Do you want to explain to me
why you´ve done no work?
No.
Maybe you´ll find it easier
to work in isolation.
Oh, whatever.
Get off of me!
-Ooh!
Right! Quiet!
Not like you
to walk out of a lesson, Hayley.
Is everything all right at home?
Just don´t like her, miss.
Don´t like her hair.
It annoys me.
-Missy not in today?
-She´s off sick.
Period pains.
WOMAN:
For those on a tight budget,
we´d recommend
our copper package.
It´s a no-frills cremation
at 1,595.
How much?
It´s not including
third-party expenses.
We can do a direct cremation --
no ceremony, no mourners --
at a reduced cost.
How much is that?
1,195.
You shouldn´t be taking care
of all this yourself, love.
What about your parents?
[ Line ringing ]
CANDICE: Jordan!
Jordan!
BOY: Oh, man,
look at the state of her.
My dad´s had social services
on the phone all morning.
-What are you playing at?
-All right, mate.
Problem?!
I thought I told you,
stay away.
-Can I hold him?
-No.
-Please?
-No!
Hi, mate.
Candice, what are you doing?
You can´t just walk into school.
I´ll do what I like.
Drop all this DNA crap. You´ll
have my brothers after you.
Give me strength.
It´s actually quite clever.
-I´ll see you later, then?
-Yeah, all right.
Stroke of genius that, kid.
Shouldn´t have to wait
too long.
What if it´s not mine?
Then you can move on.
It´s always better
to know the truth, isn´t it?
Come on.
All right, Ms.?
Hey.
I´ve got something for you.
Oh.
Keep your blood-sugar levels up.
Oh, uh...
I can´t have this.
I´m gluten intolerant.
[ Sighs ]
And I´m gay.
All right.
[ Sighs ]
Will you send that
first class, please, Lozza?
-What is it?
-A swab from a chlamydia test.
I´m joking.
It´s a joke.
Hey.
You all right, matey?
It´s Lila.
What, she got a boyfriend?
She´s a lesbian.
How was your date last week?
With Sami?
Oh, right. Yeah, I thought
there was a spark there.
Turns out he´s engaged.
Which is a shame
because I could do with
a bit of romance right now.
Yeah, well, not all hearts
and flowers where I´m standing.
You ever tempted?
What do you mean?
You forget how long
I´ve known you.
You might be head now, but I
remember when you were an NQT.
Half-priced cocktails
on a Wednesday.
-Don´t.
-[ Laughs ]
You pulled that bloke,
and he turned up next day
at parents evening.
Aaron Sharp´s dad?
Oh, that was awful.
Well, I admire you.
Must be hard
to forgive and forget
after what
Steve put you through.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
I´ll make us a brew.
How did it happen?
In the bath.
You´ve no milk.
Don´t get benefits
till Thursday.
Lend us a couple of quid?
You´re a good kid, Missy.
I´ve always said it.
"My girl, Missy.
She´s best."
Bye, Mum.
What´s going to happen
to the house?
Me and Hayley
are stopping there,
so don´t get any ideas
about selling it.
I wouldn´t do that, love.
I could move in.
Look after you.
Be a proper mum.
No.
I could cook.
Chicken curry.
You used to love that.
Once!
You made it once!
[ Indistinct talking ]
-All right, miss?
-Morning, Zain.
EMMA: I rolled over,
got an electric shock.
Blue spark and everything.
-You cheered up now, Hayley?
-CHLOE: Hey!
It´s all right, Voyle.
Say sorry, then.
Get out of my face!
I´m nowhere near
your ugly face.
Leave her alone!
Missy, don´t go
causing trouble now.
-Let her go, Missy.
-She´s asking for a slap.
Whatever she´s done,
it´s not worth
getting yourself in trouble for.
Go wait in my room, Missy.
-She just threatened me!
-Don´t, Chlo.
There´s summat going on
with those girls.
They´re psychos?
[ Boys laughing ]
Nas, have you got a minute?
MANDY:
Morning, Nasreen.
Miss Shariff, can I have
a word with you in my office?
[ Door closes ]
I´ve been hearing
great things about you.
Lots of girls enthusing about
science, which is brilliant.
I hope you don´t mind
me bringing this up,
but I thought you should know,
school gossip
being what it is,
that your sexuality
is causing quite a stir.
I don´t see what business
that is of any--
Nobody´s.
Nobody´s business but your own.
And I hope
it goes without saying
that homophobic bullying
of any kind
will not be tolerated
here at Ackley Bridge.
Good to know.
I mean, part of me feels
that the more staff we have
who are open
about this kind of thing,
then the easier it will be
for any of our students
who might be struggling
with coming out.
So you don´t think
I should play it down?
Well, uh...
This is a tough place to put
your head above the parapet.
I just wanted you to know
I´ve got your back.
Thanks.
What the bloody hell
are you doing?!
Why are you behaving like this?
-Are you gonna talk to me?
-Can you lend us a grand?
What sort of trouble are you in?
I´ve done nowt wrong.
I need it, that´s all.
Can´t say why.
I´m not lending you £1,000
without knowing what it´s for.
You could lend it us?
In theory.
You´re not gonna tell me?
Well, I´m not gonna cough up.
-We´re both busy people, so...
-Nana´s dead.
She died two days ago.
Heart attack.
Oh, Missy.
I´m so sorry.
Do you know what?
I´m all right.
You´re in shock.
She weren´t
in the greatest shape.
Not that surprising, just...
Wish she could have waited
a year.
-A year?
-Till Hayley turned 16.
Right.
Are you gonna report it?
I can hardly keep it a secret.
Social services
don´t need to know!
They´ll find out.
Not yet.
Not if you don´t tell them.
I can´t do that.
They´ll split us up.
They´ll take Hayley into care.
That doesn´t have to be
a bad thing.
I´ve been looking after Hayley
for as long as I can remember.
It´s been no different
now Nana´s gone.
If anything,
it´ll be easier ´cause...
´Cause she´s not there
to worry about.
Remember what she were like in
year 8 when we got took off Mum?
Now she´s lost Nana.
She won´t be able to cope
with losing me too.
Look, I know they´ll
find out in the end.
But please, miss,
let´s have some time
to get our heads ´round it.
I can´t make any promises.
But you´ll think about it?
It´ll be tomorrow night,
after hours,
probably about 6:00ish.
Can me and me sister come?
No family members, love.
When do we get the ashes?
Ashes will be another £100.
Yeah, of course.
Actually, I don´t think we´ll
bother, ´cause what´s the point?
It´s not gonna bring her back,
is it?
Right, well, thank you.
She doesn´t look like one.
ALYA: You can´t tell
from their clothes, stupid.
Is there a problem, girls?
-No, miss.
-Nothing.
Miss, have you got a girlfriend?
CORY: Shut up.
You´re an idiot.
NEIL: Can I watch?
JORDAN: For God´s sake,
what is wrong with you?
You can go to isolation
for making suggestive
and inappropriate comments
to a member of staff.
-Oh, come on, miss, why not?
-Eh, you can go as well.
She´s made you look like a
right pair of mugs, hasn´t she?
And, yeah, I´m gay.
It´s not a big deal.
And it´s none of your business.
-Fair play to you, miss.
-Good for you, miss.
[ Bell rings ]
-See you later, miss.
-Bye, Shireen.
It were that easy for you?
It´s never going to be
that easy for me, though.
-Nas...
-Maybe I should just do it?
Maybe I should. You did,
and your world didn´t crumble.
-Nasreen, listen, I...
-Then we could be together.
Not here, obviously.
I´d have to change school.
I´d have to go
to a different college.
Look, it was stupid of me,
and wrong.
I should never have let you
think that this could happen
when it can´t.
Nas, it can´t happen.
Why?
Why are you saying that?
This can´t go any further.
Please!
But we´re good.
We could make it work.
It´s school and family, but we
could just hack all that off.
No, we can´t.
Oh.
Oh, it´s me that you
don´t want to be with?
Sorry.
Well...
[ Door slams ]
IQBAL: That teacher,
in front of all the kids?
KANEEZ: She´s a grown woman.
She can do what she likes.
Anyway, she´s from Glasgow,
innit?
They´re different there.
-Mum!
-Mm?
Why do you two
have to be so small-minded?
Don´t talk to us like that.
We´re not your friends
in the street.
Show some respect.
Respect?
You want to talk about respect?
You´ve just been slagging off
Miss Shariff for coming out!
She´s fine with it.
We´re fine with it.
It´s the 21st century
in England.
I think
everyone´s fine with it.
I´ve got nothing against it,
love.
We´ve got gay girls in Pakistan.
We just don´t go on about it.
You lot shouldn´t have to
hear about her private life.
Private life?
Right, okay.
So you´re saying that
Mr. Bell and Miss Carter
shouldn´t come out
as being married?
Oh, no, it´s different for them,
isn´t it,
because they´re straight.
Or is it just because
Miss Shariff is Asian
and they´re not?
Because I feel like
it´s one rule for them
and another for us!
What is wrong with you?
[ Speaks Punjabi ]
-[ Door opens ]
-[ Indistinct talking on TV ]
What are you doing here?
What´s she doing here?
You´re not supposed to
see us without supervision.
Better call social services,
then.
You robbing...
-That´s mine.
-Get out!
Don´t!
She made it for me
when I were a baby.
And when you were born,
she passed it down.
It´s the only thing
I´ve got left of her.
You were a crap daughter
and a worse mum.
-Missy!
-She´ll only sell it!
You heartless cow.
You´re as bad as she were.
Now look what you´ve done!
Aah! Get out!
-Get out!
-Aah!
-Get off me!
-Get out!
MISSY: You´re poison!
I´ll kill you!
Stay away from us!
[ Screaming ]
What are you doing?!
HAYLEY: Stop!
Missy, get off!
-Missy, stop!
-Somebody help me!
-Stop it!
-Stay away from us!
-Get out!
-You´re so selfish!
She were my mum!
Now where am I gonna go?
I only ever wanted
what were best for you girls.
We´re better off without her.
I wish it were you that died!
What are
you all looking at, huh?!
[ Shouting in Punjabi ]
[ Sobbing ]
Can I get in bed with you?
I´m sorry.
You knew
and you didn´t tell me?
What, are you trying to
get my school shut down?
Oh, your school now.
Is this about you or the Booths?
She were only trying to help.
Have you any idea
what you have done?
This is
a serious safeguarding issue.
We´ve got two at-risk
children left on their own.
Well, one, technically.
You could get fired.
We could have Ofsted
breathing down our necks.
It´s lucky Mrs. Paracha told me.
I´m gonna have to call
child protection.
-EMMA: Wait.
-KANEEZ: No!
They´re like family to me.
They´re not in any danger.
It´s the cremation tonight.
Will you just hold off
until then?
Please?
That´s completely inappropriate.
You okay?
Yeah.
Do you want to borrow summat
of mine?
I´ve just had a better idea.
Do you -- Do you have these
in any other sizes?
WOMAN: Yes, there´s
an extra small and a small.
Thanks.
-[ Laughter ]
-Where have you been?
It´s time to go.
Well...
What do you reckon?
-Where´d you get them from?
-[ Knock on door ]
No, don´t.
Thought you might want a lift.
Can you take this tag out?
It´s digging in my back.
Can´t.
I´m taking them back tomorrow.
We´re only borrowing them.
We´re not thieves, Hayley.
Missy´s right.
You don´t want any more trouble.
HAYLEY:
Is that smoke Nana?
NASREEN: Yeah.
Did she have a favorite poem?
She liked "Bat Out of Hell."
There you go.
Thank you.
I thought you needed
cheering up.
You´re a good friend
to Missy, Nas.
I´m proud of you.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
What is it?
Some lad?
You can tell me.
Whoever he is,
you´re worth ten of him.
This is why
sensible Pakistani girls
get their dads to vet
suitable husbands for them.
I´m joking, kid.
You can do what you like.
I´m not gonna force you
into anything.
Just option´s there
if you want it. That´s all.
I know, but I don´t want it.
You always were a free spirit.
I used to tell your mum not to
be so strict with you, but...
I don´t want you
to limit your options.
But think -- What is really
here for you in Ackley Bridge?
So, what´s he like, then,
this lad?
[ Indistinct talking ]
You were up and out early
this morning.
How else am I supposed to
get this lot match fit, eh?
Thank you.
For everything you´re doing.
STEVE: All right, come on, lads.
Get in.
Lively, lively, lively.
Come on.
-What are you looking at?
-You got jam on your chops.
-Get off.
-[ Laughs ]
Morning, girls.
Miss Carter wants to see you.
Come through.
I know it sounds drastic,
but we can´t leave you
on your own.
It´s not safe.
Now, we found Hayley
a lovely foster family.
She´s got a family -- me.
Nobody´s saying
you haven´t coped admirably.
But you shouldn´t have to,
Missy.
And I know it´s hard,
but the two of you can see
each other every weekend.
What about at school?
The foster family
are in Bradford.
They´re the closest ones
available.
Look, I´m so sorry.
We´ll do all we can to find
one here, but until then...
Did you know about this?
Not till last night.
You knew last night?
Look, it isn´t ideal,
but there´s no other option.
You´ll have to
get through me first!
MANDY: Missy, we do understand
how painful this is for you,
but it has got to happen.
If you keep obstructing,
I´m gonna have to ask you
to leave the room.
She´s my sister!
MANDY: And don´t you want
what´s best for her?
Missy, this is a good family.
They´ve been fostering
for years.
Be honest.
Are you stopping her
from leaving
for your benefit or for hers?
You can say what you like,
I´m not going!
Hey, hey, hey.
Go on, Hayley. [ Sniffles ]
I´ll see you every weekend.
-No!
-Just go!
The sooner we do this,
the better.
-I´m not going!
-Just go!
I don´t want to
look after you anyway!
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Sobs ]
[ Down-tempo piano music
playing ]
[ Crying ] I´m gonna
call you every day.
[ Music continues ]
-Are you all right?
-Get off me!
-[ Sighs ]
-Hey.
-[ Sobs ]
-Aw...
Hey, I know it can´t
have been easy, love, but...
[ Sobbing ]
It was a tough decision, but
it wasn´t the wrong decision.
If you´d left them on their own
and something would´ve happened,
you´d never forgive yourself.
Hey. Come on.
Come on.
I´ll, um, get us a takeaway.
I´ll, uh --
I´ll miss the match tonight
so you can watch
"America´s Next Top Model."
I´m a classy guy.
-I don´t deserve you.
-[ Laughs ]
I think we both know
that I´m the one
that´s punching
above the weight here.
[ Clears throat ]
[ Sighs ]
I slept with Sadiq.
[ Sobs ]
I´m sorry.
I´m so sorry.
It was once.
It was just the once.
And I have regretted it
ever since.
[ Sighs ]
I said...
We can get through this.
We can.
No, I-I don´t --
I don´t think we can.
We can.
We got over Claire.
I got over Claire.
I got over you having a baby
with someone else.
Is that what this is? Revenge?
Is that what it is?
Because it´s not
the same, Mandy.
No, because what you did
was a lot worse.
What are you talking about?
I have to see him every day!
I have to see you two
together every day,
knowing that his hands
have been all over you.
You make me sick.
[ Sobbing ]
[ Down-tempo instrumental music
plays ]
NANA: Like I say,
you don´t know what you´ve got
until it´s gone.
[ Knock on door ]
All them little moments
you took for granted,
all the people you thought
would be there for you forever.
[ Knock on door ]
Believe me,
they can all go in a heartbeat.
So hold on to it while you can.
Hold on to anything good.
[ Laughter ]
Look at my face!
Look at you!
I´m drumming.
[ Laughter ]